+++
keywords = ["Our Services","services","treatments","invisalign"]
description = "Top Phoenix dental office offering affordable Invisalign, teeth whitening, and cosmetic dentistry solutions to perfect your smile."
date = "2016-12-05T11:02:00Z"
title = "invisalign ®"
title_seo = "Invisalign - Lebowitz Dental Associates"

sidebar_tags = ["services"]
sidebar = true
sidebar_title = "Services"
sidebar_icon = "fa-caret-right"
sidebar_video = true
+++

Invisalign is one of the many [cosmetic dentistry](./../../services/cosmetic-dentistry) solutions available to you at our Phoenix dental office.

The Invisalign system is a series of clear overlay templates called aligners, which are generated by computer simulation to gradually move the teeth. Invisalign is available to adult and teen patients with certain orthodontic bite problems. Consult the dentist to determine whether you are a candidate for Invisalign.

## Enhancing your smile with Invisalign

Our dental office uses today&#39;s most advanced 3D computer imaging technology to map your entire Invisalign treatment from start to finish. The dentist can even show you what your new smile will look like at the completion of treatment — before your treatment begins!

Invisalign treatment includes a series of computer-generated clear aligners that move your teeth incrementally, and are changed about every two weeks. Each new aligner moves your teeth a little bit closer toward their final position and the smile you really want. All without braces, bands, metal, or wires of any kind. Fortunately, Invisalign&#39;s cost is about the same as traditional braces, which makes it the clear alternative for patients at our dental office. And the best secret of all is that no one knows you&#39;re wearing braces.







